Change PostGenerationMethodCall example (#622)
FactoryBoy/factory_boy: docs/reference.rst

with any arguments specified in the :class:`PostGenerationMethodCall` declaration, by
default.

> For example, using ``PostGenerationMethodCall`` to register created users in an
> external system.

Reviewer: I think adding an explicit subject makes this slightly more clear, up to you.

```suggestion
For example, we could use ``PostGenerationMethodCall`` to register created users in an
external system.
```
